rsc - A generic RightScale API client
==========================================
rsc provides both a go package and command line tool for interacting with the various
RightScale APIs. 

Command Line Tool
-----------------
The command line tool uses subcommands to interact with each API, for example `rsc api15`
for sending requests to API 1.5 etc.

Go Package
----------
Each API is encapsulated in a different package: package 'api15' for API 1.5, package 'api16' for
API 1.6, etc.

Built-in Help
-------------
Use "--help" to display help for all commands, subcommands and flags. For example:
```bash
./rsc api15 index --help
usage: rsc [<flags>] api15 index [<flags>] <href>

Lists all resources of given type in account.

Flags:
  -P, --params=QUERY=VALUE
    Action parameters in the form QUERY=VALUE, e.g. '-P server[name]=server42'

Args:
  <href>     API Resource or resource collection href on which to act, e.g. '/api/servers'
```
Or:
```bash
/rsc api15 index clouds --help
usage: rsc [<flags>] api15 index [<Cloud.index flags>] /api/clouds
<Cloud.index flags>:
--filter
    <[]string, optional>
--view
    <string, optional>
```


Adding support for new apis / Updating existing clients
-------------------------------------------------------
Most of the code of rsc is automatically generated from the JSON descriptions of the APIs.
There are currently two generators: the API 1.5 generator and the praxis generator. The 'generators'
directory contains the source for these generators.

The JSON metadata for APIs wrapped by rsc lives in a sub-directory, one per API. This directory
also contains the code generated by the generator from the JSON. It defines the corresponding go
package content as well as the command line tool subcommands.

Adding support for a new API consists of:
  1. Create a subdirectory whose name matches the name of the go package ('api15', 'ss', etc.).
  2. Put the JSON metadata describing the API in that directory.
  3. Add a `go generate` directive that invokes the generator against the JSON to one of the package
     source file.

The JSON metadata for praxis apps is the JSON generated by the `rake praxis:api_docs` command, the
JSON for API 1.5 is also automatically generated using `rake api:doc:generate`. Updating a client
to the latest version of an API thus consists of updating the corresponding JSON and rebuilding the
client (the `go generate` directives will take care of updating the generated code).
